to set up your easy set pool you will
need an air pump such as these from
Intex the pool being used for this video
is the four hundred fifty seven
centimeter by 122 centimeter easy set
pool your pool may differ slightly the
number of parts involved in the assembly
depending upon size check that you have
all the parts as listed in your manual
do not start assembly if parts are
missing call Intex consumer service for
replacement parts it is important to set
up your pool on a completely level
surface to keep the water balanced the
pool can become unstable if it leans to
one side make sure the selected location
is within reach by your garden hose and
a GFCI type electrical outlet because
the pool should never be moved with
water in it do not put the pool right
against your house envision the traffic
patterns around the pool and see where
you can place the filter pump without
people tripping over the electric cord
some communities require fenced
enclosures check with your city for
local requirements
before unrolling the pool clear the area
thoroughly of any object that would
puncture the pool when it is in use
ground cloths can also provide
additional protection and should be
carefully spread out to cover the area
now you are ready to set up the pool
unroll the pool liner on top of the
ground cloth making sure it is right
side up do not drag the pool across the
ground since that may result in leaks
locate the filter connecting holes make
sure they are facing the area where you
will put the pump double check to be
sure that a GFCI type electrical outlet
is within reach by the power cord
inflate the top ring with an air pump
the pump being used is the Intex
double-quick pump which inflates with
the up and down strokes
once the top ring is firm close the air
valve securely push the bottom out as
much as possible from inside the pool
keeping the inflated ring in the center
smooth out any wrinkles
finally recheck the filter connector
holes to see if they are still facing
the area where you will put the filter
pump make adjustment if necessary do not
fill the pool until you have plugged the
connector holes with the black top-hat
wall plugs provided if you purchased a
pool set or a 549 centimeter size pool
please set up your filter pump before
filling the pool with water you will not
need to use the wall plugs before
filling the pool with water check to
make sure the drain plug is tightly
closed and that the cap is screwed on
snugly on the outside spread the pool
bottom out evenly
again check to make sure the pool is
level now you are ready to add water
begin by putting about three centimeters
of water in the pool check that water
spreads evenly across the pool then
carefully smooth out the wrinkles on the
bottom taking care to push the sides out
as shown
now resume filling the
the perimeter of the pool bottom should
be outside the inflated ring with the
ring centered do not fill your pool
beyond the bottom of the inflated ring
over filling the pool can cause
accidental spill overs which may cause
property damage or personal injury if
this happens reduce the amount of water
in the pool and recheck to save the pool
is level have fun and enjoy your Intex
pool
you